hey people john here from the fast films
and today we are talking about a 2015
horror comedy movie called freaks of
nature
movie opens with the narrator telling us
that it's a friday night in his hometown
ohio he and his girlfriend are running
from zombies that are none other than
their neighbors
they get inside a house where they again
confront more zombies and eventually a
massacre breaks out there and most of
them are killed in return
only three manage to escape the death
it's then a spacecraft out of nowhere
appears outside descending and then some
aliens show up there
he says what he is doing with these two
freaks he then says let me back up then
we are introduced to dag who tells his
friend parmender that lorelai comes to
his house very often and he thinks that
she is interested in him parmender tells
him that she doesn't really like him
it's just because she stashes her weed
at his house when dag asks him how he
knows this parmender tells him that
lorelei's father is a christian
scientist he tells dag that people in
school call him a weed locker
suddenly dag sees lorelei and tries to
talk to her but she goes away
then we see petra and milan who is a
vampire next to the lockers he reminds
petra about the vamp party that is
tonight petra tells him that she has
heard that vamp parties can be a little
horrific
milan tells her that she doesn't need to
come to the party if she is not
comfortable or scared but she tells him
that she is not scared and she will come
as they talk a guy named ned arrives and
asks milan to move aside as he is
standing next to his locker milan beats
him up and walks away with petra in the
next scene ned goes to the teacher's
lounge and tells mr keller that he has
misgraded his essay
mr keller who is a vampire is
disappointed because he hasn't got any
requests from girls on a dating website
he scolds ned and tells him that the f
on his essay actually stands for fun
mr keller tells him that not everything
in your life is under control
you cannot make people do what you want
them to do in the school's cafe a guy
asks petra if she will go with him to
the vamp party but she tells him that
she has already decided to go with milan
then they see milan beating up neg again
a zombie girl helps him get his food
tray
dag gets angry when he sees rick's car
parmender tells him that rick is
sponsoring the baseball team this year
dag tells him that rick had fired his
mother peg parker and that every time he
sees dag he talks about how he fired his
mother when rick meets dag he recognizes
him and asks him about his mother
he asks him what his mother is up to
nowadays dag tells him that she is just
around the house since you fired her
from the factory
then rick tells him that he wants to
give him a word of advice he
sarcastically tells him that he
shouldn't concentrate on the negative
side and look at the bright aspect
because now he will have plenty of time
to spend with his mother rick tells all
the boys in the ground that out of 25
boys 23 boys will lead inconsequential
lives and the remaining two boys will
have a different journey out of those
two one will be chosen and will become a
shining star like him
at the vamp party milan meets petra and
tells her that he has waited for
centuries to meet a girl like her then
he tries to bite her on the neck she
stops him but milan persuades her by
telling that lorelei had him for some
time but he wants petra to be with him
forever
at the dinner chas father mr mosley sees
his injury and tells him that his dream
to become a baseball player is shattered
chaz's mother stops his father from
saying such awful things then ned tells
his parents and his brother chaz that he
is upset because mr keller gave him an f
on his essay
chas tells them that ned has been
hanging around with zombies in school
but ned tells him that the zombie girl
was just helping him with his gazpacho
ned's father asks him why he cannot eat
riblet like everyone else he tells him
that he is allergic to riblets and
besides it contains tiny ribs hormones
stimulants and a chemical compound known
as txp
he then tells them the diseases a riblet
can cause he tells them that the f on
his essay would not get him the
scholarship
his father tells him that he doesn't
need to go to school now as he has to
help him in the car lot
ned becomes sad about his father's
decision and goes to his room
later he goes to talk to ned and tells
him that if he helps him in the car lot
they will get more time to spend
together but ned refuses and tells him
that he has to fulfill his dream and he
wants to become an engineer
his father tells him that if he doesn't
want to help him then he can work at the
riblet plant like his mother but tells
him that neither he wants to become a
meat bleacher nor he wants to become
hyundai salesman
after the dispute with his father ned
leaves the house in despair
the next scene opens when lorelei is in
dag's room she asks him about the stunt
he did that day by hitting the ball on
chas's face
he tells her that he wanted to impress
her and he feels that might fall in love
with her lorelei laughs at this and
leaves dag's parents come to his room
and ask him about the weed he has in his
room
dag tells them that it's not his it
belongs to his friend laura lies they
tell him that they completely understand
him and then leave then assad ned is
shown sitting on a broken wall
the zombie girl comes to him ned thanks
her for helping at the cafe he asks her
if she feels sad being a zombie but she
tells him that they love eating brains
ned takes off one of his shoes and asks
her to eat his foot brain
petra looks at herself in the mirror and
sees the scar that milan left on her
neck at the vamp party she vomits and
cries because she is turning into a
vampire she goes to the market and buys
herself a blood pack ned joins the
zombie girl's family petra calls milan
but he doesn't pick her call she
realizes he has dumped her after
spending the night at the vamp party
with her
then ned turns into a zombie he eats the
brain he looks at the sky and finds a
flying saucer of aliens
mr keller also calls a meeting and tells
that vampires suspect humans for the
alien's arrival because there have been
tensions between vampires and aliens
he tells all the other vampires that
humans probably want to eliminate them
he says that all the humans are vampire
wannabes because they write books about
us make movies about us and dress up
like a vampire at halloween
during this petra finds milan and waves
at him but he ignores her on the
contrary chaz's father tells all the
humans that vampires do not need to
breathe or drink water the aliens would
ruin the earth it's human's
responsibility to defend this planet he
tells them that the humans must plan to
attack before vampires could attack them
meanwhile zombies run out of brain
rations ned tells them they should be
asking for their rights as it has been
long since they have not been treated
well
in the next scene we see in the town
that all the three species humans
vampires and zombies attack each other
petra runs into milan who is now with
some other girl petra tells her that she
has been trying to call him but there
might be something wrong with his phone
he tells her that he is not interested
in her anymore
she tells him that he did not turn
lorelei into a vampire but he bit her
and transformed her into a vampire milan
tells her that lorelei's body is
attractive and he cannot spoil it by
biting her and turning it pale
he tells her that she is no more
beautiful because she is all pale and
veiny now
when he leaves with his girlfriend petra
attacks him from behind but milan hits
her heart and throws onto a car
while dag is with lorelei a couple of
vampires enter his room
they get terrified and jump out of the
window they find mr mosley killing the
vampires lorelei tells him that he has
done an impressive job mr mosley tells
her that he has been training for this
since she was a toddler
suddenly a few zombies attack him and
start eating him up lorelei and dag run
away from the spot in horror then we see
petra who finds lorelei running along
with dag
they are being chased by a large crowd
of zombies and vampires petra gets angry
and follows lorelei dag and lorelai
reach a house and lock themselves up
after some time they find that the house
is full of hungry zombies who haven't
been supplied with brain rations as they
come to attack them the vampires enter
the house through the windows and a
bloody fight breaks out among them
dag tries to save lorelei from the
zombies and vampires but petra attacks
her and bites her on the neck when she
approaches dag he hits and she falls
down on the floor
he tries to kill her with a pointed
stick but it's then ned attacks him
dagg somehow saves himself and kills the
other vampires suddenly a police car
slams into the house and we see that
only dag petra and ned remain in the
house
when they are about to fight with each
other they see that the aliens have
descended on the land and they are
killing people
dag tells them that his piano teacher mr
miller lives in the basement of this
house
dag tells him to open up the door as
they are coming but the man from inside
says that he is not mr miller but his
son stuart miller and he has been
assuming a vampire attack for 10 years
he tells them that he is with his wife
under the basement
dag tells him that they are not the
vampires they are the aliens stewart
asks him that he will open the door only
when he proves to him that he is dag and
not an alien
dag tells him about a memorable thing
that happened during the sixth grade
piano recital he tells him that he used
to [ __ ] his pants stewart then believes
him and lets him in petra and ned killed
both of them out of hunger after some
time in the basement dag and petra
recall memories of sixth grade petra
tells him that he was looking reluctant
while saving lorelei he explains to her
that it just happened too quickly but
petra tells him that if he really cared
about her he would have jumped instantly
to save her
dag tells her about his family he tells
her that his dad is a child psychologist
and his mother is a housewife who cares
a lot about his son
then he tells her that his parents are
probably dead now
he asks her how she can go without blood
petra tells him that it's strange that
she doesn't want to drink his blood
dag tells petra that they will go and
check if his parents are alive he tells
her that the high school is on the way
they will get blood and food from there
and then will go to his house
petra tells him that even if they find
his parents alive the alien apocalypse
is still going on
when dag opens the door of the basement
he finds an alien and shuts the door
immediately
he asks petra to open the back door with
her vampire strength when they come out
of the basement petra's hand gets
injured with smoke
dag takes off his clothes and covers her
he tells petra to go with ned and meet
him at the high school
dag reunites with ned and petra at the
high school he takes his clothes back he
tells petra that the aliens walked past
him as though they could not see him
ned tells him that he thinks it is
because aliens can only detect inorganic
matter
dag asks ned how he turned into a zombie
he learns that he got bitten on purpose
ned tells him that they haven't talked
in years and now he is being concerned
about why he turned into a zombie
later petra finds dag in the old boiler
and thanks him for saving her life at
miller's basement
she also apologizes to him for killing
lorelei she tells him that when he was
busy liking lorelei she was busy using
her boyfriend milan
dag tells her that lorelai was a virgin
petra tells him that lorelei cheated on
milan and ended up a coveted virgin but
she got bitten and then called a [ __ ]
for good
dag petra and ned decide to leave the
high school because the aliens could
come there too
they get out of the school being naked
and go to dag's house
dad gets upset when he doesn't find his
parents they wear clothes and this makes
the aliens detect them when aliens
attack ned petra somehow tries to stop
them but they take away ned petra and
dag become sad about ned's death but
suddenly he shows up and tells them that
patrick's attack actually killed that
alien it couldn't take ned with it ned
also tells them the reason for the
aliens arrival on earth he tells them
that aliens are looking for a chemical
called tetrafluoroxypan and this
chemical will be found in rick wilson's
factory
it's the chemical that rick uses to make
horse cartilage taste like real meat he
tells them that for so many years they
have been eating horse tissue instead of
chicken in sandwiches at school after
this they go to rick's factory ned eats
rick's girlfriend that makes him angry
and he expels all three of them from the
factory
on their way they get attacked by the
aliens who throw them in some factory
they find that the aliens have
classified all the people of the town
according to their category in that
factory
the factory was trapped by the aliens
from all sides and so it was very
difficult to destroy it in the factory
ned finds his family who has now turned
into zombies
he becomes very happy because his
parents now understand him on the
contrary dag meets his family who are
still humans milan sees petra and asks
her for blood as she has just come in
but petro refuses and beats him up after
this petra apologizes to lorelei for
killing her but she tells her that she
is very happy on being a vampire ned
thinks of an idea to break the web of
aliens around the factory he and dag
tell everyone that if they all try to
break the web together then they can get
out of here
then all of them attack the web together
and get freed from the aliens trap after
this they all go to rick wilson's
factory but rick doesn't let them in
because ned had killed his girlfriend
they somehow convince rick and enter the
factory when they go inside aliens also
come after them in the factory those
aliens take out some baby like figures
out of themselves who go inside the drum
containing a chemical
these baby-like figures then transform
into a monstrous creature rick throws
iron rods at that alien but nothing
happens to it
dag tries to save petro when milan
attacks her but he transforms into a
vampire and kills milan
the aliens get angry with rick's attack
and start killing everyone suddenly a
leaking pipe releases ammonia that kills
aliens when people see this they all
attack the aliens with ammonia pipes
this turns the aliens into baby-like
figures again and go back to their
spaceships the aliens then throw a
nuclear bomb towards the factory but ned
catches the bomb and gives it to dag
dag throws it back at the spaceship and
in return all the aliens are killed
then we see that everyone lives a happy
life again dag leaves lorelei and makes
petra his girlfriend ned starts treating
his brother nicely they all live the
same peaceful life again and the movie
ends here
thanks for watching guys